Add WoW for code reviews (#68)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/Way-of-Working/Code-Reviews.md

# Code reviews

The purpose of a code review is to ensure the quality, readability and all requirements from the ticket have been met
of a change before it gets merged into the main codebase. Code reviews involve having another team member examine the
changes made by another team member and give feedback if needed.

## Creating a Pull Request

> We use github Pull requests (PR) for code reviews. You can make a draft PR if your work is still in progress. When you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use GitHub pull requests (PR) for code reviews. You can make a draft PR if your work is still in progress. When you
```

are done you can remove the draft status. A team member may start reviewing if the PR does not have a draft status. For
team ADRs 3 accepting reviews are required. A team ADR is an ADR made in the ai-validation repository. All other PRs

> only need one reviewer to get accept, but can have more reviewers if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only need one reviewer to get accepted, but can have more reviewers if desired.
```

## Review process

> By default the codeowner, indicated in the CODEOWNER file, will be requested to review. For us this is the github team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the codeowner, indicated in the CODEOWNER file, will be requested to review. For us this is the GitHub team
```

> AI-validation. If the PR creator wants a specific team member to review please add the team member specifically in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI-validation. If the PR creator wants a specific team member to review, the PR creator should add the team member specifically in the
```

reviewers section of the PR.

If the reviewer has suggestions or comments the PR creator can fix those or add comments to the suggestions. When the
creator of the PR thinks he is done with the feedback he must request a review from the person that did the review.

> The reviewer must then look at the changed and approve or add more comments. This process continues untill the reviewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reviewer must then look at the changes and approve or add more comments. This process continues untill the reviewer
```

> agree that all is correct and approves the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
agrees that all is correct and approves the PR.
```

Code reviews involve having a team member examine the changes made by another team member and give feedback or ask
questions if needed.

## Creating a Pull Request

We use GitHub pull requests (PR) for code reviews. You can make a draft PR if your work is still in progress. When you
are done you can remove the draft status. A team member may start reviewing if the PR does not have a draft status.

For team ADRs at least 3 accepting reviews are required. or all team members should accept if it can be expected that
the ADR is controversial.

A team ADR is an ADR made in the ai-validation repository.

All other PRs only need at least 1 reviewer to get accept, but can have more reviewers if desired (by either reviewer or
author).

## Review process

By default the codeowner, indicated in the CODEOWNER file, will be requested to review. For us this is the GitHub team
AI-validation. If the PR creator wants a specific team member to review, the PR creator should add the team member
specifically in the reviewers section of the PR.

If the reviewer has suggestions or comments the PR creator can fix those or add comments to the suggestions. When the

> creator of the PR thinks he is done with the feedback he must request a review from the person that did the review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
creator of the PR thinks he is done with the feedback he must re-request a review from the person that did the review.
```

# Code reviews

The purpose of a code review is to ensure the quality, readability, and that all requirements from the ticket have been
met for a change before it gets merged into the main codebase. Additionally, code reviews are a communication tool, they
allow team members to stay aware of changes being made.

Code reviews involve having a team member examine the changes made by another team member and give feedback or ask
questions if needed.

## Creating a Pull Request

We use GitHub pull requests (PR) for code reviews. You can make a draft PR if your work is still in progress. When you

> are done you can remove the draft status. A team member may start reviewing if the PR does not have a draft status.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are done you can remove the draft status. A team member may start reviewing when the PR does not have a draft status.
```

> For team ADRs at least 3 accepting reviews are required. or all team members should accept if it can be expected that

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For team ADRs at least 3 accepting reviews are required, or all team members should accept if it can be expected that
```

> the ADR is controversial.

Reviewer 3: Can we know in advance is an ADR is controversial? ;) And is it possible per PR to request approval from all members or is this not a rule we can enforce technically?

Author: No, i think a controversial changes is up to the reviews/author 

I do not think we can enforce it technically.

Reviewer 2: Indeed. The point is it you EXPECT it the be controversial you should include more people

Reviewer 3: Check!

A team ADR is an ADR made in the ai-validation repository.

> All other PRs only need at least 1 reviewer to get accept, but can have more reviewers if desired (by either reviewer or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All other PRs only need at least 1 reviewer to get accepted, but can have more reviewers if desired (by either reviewer or
```

author).

## Review process

By default the codeowner, indicated in the CODEOWNER file, will be requested to review. For us this is the GitHub team
AI-validation. If the PR creator wants a specific team member to review, the PR creator should add the team member
specifically in the reviewers section of the PR. A message in Mattermost will be posted for PRs. Then with the reaction

> of an emoji a reviewer will indicate he/she is looking at the PR.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
of an emoji a reviewer will indicate they are looking at the PR.
```
non-binary way or writing

Reviewer 4: For the rest i completely agree with it :)

If the reviewer has suggestions or comments the PR creator can fix those or add comments to the suggestions. When the
creator of the PR thinks he is done with the feedback he must re-request a review from the person that did the review.
The reviewer must then look at the changes and approve or add more comments. This process continues untill the reviewer
agrees that all is correct and approves the PR.

Once the review is approved the reviewer merges the PR and checks if the deployment is successful. If the deployment is

> not successful the reviewer fixes it. If the PR needs more then one review, the last accepting reviewer mergers the PR.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
not successful the reviewer fixes it. If the PR needs more than one review, the last accepting reviewer merges the PR.
```
